Create ui-c8y-1022-4-6-fixed-a-regex-pattern-for-leading-and-trailing-whitespaces-9442-graft.md (#3500)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1022-4-6-fixed-a-regex-pattern-for-leading-and-trailing-whitespaces-9442-graft.md

---
date: ""
title: Fixed a regex pattern for leading and trailing whitespaces (#9442) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#9469)
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63970
version: 1022.4.6
---

> Fixed an issue with company name validation on tenant creation form. Previously, if user entered 2 letters for the name, the validation would display a confusing error message about invalid leading or trailing whitespaces. Now, it will accept 2-letter company name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the tenant creation form had an issue with the company name validation: it was not possible to create a tenant with 2-letter company name and the validation error was confusing as it mentioned invalid leading and trailing whitespaces which were not there anyway. The validation has been fixed to allow 2-letter company names and users can now successfully create tenants with 2-letter company names without encountering a confusing error messages.
```
